Rsapp.md translation (#119)
rolling-scopes-school/docs: docs/en/js-fe-course.md

## RS School JavaScript/Front-end course

It is a FREE Front-end/ JavaScript course conducted by the Rolling Scopes Community since 2013.

> Every half a year we start a new course for nearly 2000 students. There are more then 250 mentors helping students to increase thier productivity while learning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every half a year we start a new course for nearly 2000 students. There are more than 250 mentors helping students to increase their productivity while learning.
```

## Course aims

1. Gaining enough knowledge and experience for getting Junior Software Engineer position at Front-end/JavaScript field.
2. Developing nessesary skills for passing job interviews. You will have a possibility to pass at least 3 interviews during your studies.
3. Creating your portfolio:

- 2 landing pages
- one large course project and much more smaller tasks
- codewars profile

## Course duration

5 month. You will need 20-40 hours a week for successful course completion.

## Course statistics for 2019

- 770 students completed the course
- 329 mentors took part in the learning process
- 130 students were hired to EPAM Minsk

## What should you do before starting this course?

> 1. Attend English courses for getting Pre-Intermediate level (A2 at least).

Reviewer: На сайте упоминается уровень B1, тут сказано "A2 минимум".

Author: Добавила, потому что так было в русском варианте. Поменяю на B1

Reviewer: Это лучше уточнить. Я прост отметил разницу 😄

2. Read a good Javascript coursebook in English https://javascript.info/
3. Use [Codewars](http://www.codewars.com/dashboard) platform for solving practical tasks. You can start from easiest ones.
4. Study:
   - Command line basics https://www.google.com/search?q=command+line+basics
   - Git basics https://www.google.com/search?q=git+basics

## Requirements for moving to the second stage of learning process(mentoring)

> - Knowledge of: - OOP basics. [Example of questions](https://habr.com/en/post/345658/) - Basic data structures and their organization (array, list, stack, queue, tree, hash-tables etc.). - You should be able to implement simple algorithm in JavaScript. [Tasks examples](http://www.codewars.com/kata/search/java?q=&r%5B%5D=-7&tags=Algorithms&beta=false) - Basic sorting and searching algorithms - Graphics of basic math functions, factorial, the concept of logarithm - English A2 (Pre-intermediate). (for those who wants to be hired by EPAM)

Reviewer: Graphics -> Graphs 

those who wants to be -> those who want to be

`those who want` потому что `those` указывает на множественное число `who` (но я не филолог, могу ошибаться 😄)

Author: Мой косяк, поменяю
